# MAH7535_Assignment7
My research's goal was to determine the link between Texas's county-level revenue and how that affected vaccination rates. The fact that COVID-19 made such a big influence my senior year of high school, sparked my interest in this subject. I wanted to find out whether there was a correlation between the counties in Texas with the highest vaccination rates and per capita income. I was also intrested in Identifying the biases that impacted these rates and why.

APA Citations: 
Wikipedia contributors. (2023, February 18). COVID-19 pandemic in Texas. In Wikipedia. Retrieved February 19, 2023, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COVID-19_pandemic_in_Texas
Wikipedia contributors. (2023, February 17). List of Texas locations by per capita income. In Wikipedia. Retrieved February 19, 2023, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Texas_locations_by_per_capita_income

The license of  data: 
License (CC-BY-SA) and the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) (unversioned, with no invariant sections, front-cover texts, or back-cover texts) and can therefore be reused only if you release any derived work under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License or the GFDL. This requires that, among other things, you attribute the authors and allow others to freely copy your work. (See Wikipedia:Text of Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License and Wikipedia:Text of the GNU Free Documentation License for full details.)

A data type and description for each attribute in your data: 
https://data.world/mah7535/covid-19/workspace/project-summary?agentid=mah7535&datasetid=covid-19


Any known issues or potential issues, such as sources of bias in collection: 
I found that there can be many biases caused by the distribution of vaccines based on an individual's wealth. First off, there is a well-known problem with wealth disparity, and those who are less fortunate financially might not have as easy access to healthcare services as people who earn more money do. This may result in unequal vaccination rates, with socioeconomically disadvantaged people having a lower likelihood of receiving the shot. The distribution of vaccines may also be influenced by a person's location. In Texas, for instance, some regions may get more vaccinations because of their higher per capita incomes. This can lead to even more inequities in vaccination distribution while also perpetuating existing socioeconomic gaps. Also, there were many prejudices in this study that resulted in people in certain areas having higher fatality rates because they refused to receive the vaccination according to their own personal principles. In my opinion, the prejudices of those who chose to NOT EVEN BELIEVE IN COVID-19 had a massive impact on death rates. The distribution of vaccination rates across the many counties in Texas was highly diverse, but after carefully reviewing the income per capita by county, I found that all counties had comparable incomes. In my opinion, this was a result of preconceptions held by county people who believed that COVID-19's effects didn't significantly affect them, which worsened the issue. The high vaccination rate in Harris County, 3,044,041 doses, is three times higher than the rates in Bexar County and Dallas County, according to a comparison of the counties of Harris, Dallas, and Bexar. These rates are what has allowed it to have a lower fatality rate than either of those two counties. Bexar County and Dallas County may not have been able to get vaccines at the same rate due to Harris County's higher income per person, resulting in nearly comparable death rates in the respective counties. A wide range of factors, such as money, political biases, and vaccine resistance, have an influence on the differences between death rates and vaccination rates.
